What is the target audience for thsi research:

1) Amateur actors - 1+ years of experience - 10-15 of them
2) Experience actors - 2-4 years of experience 10-15 of them 
3) Amateur Director - 2 to 3 of them
4) Experienced Director - 2 to 3 of them
5) Established Director - atleast 1
6) Musician or other genre - atleast 5 of them
7) Audiences or non-theatre background - 10 of them


For Actors:
1) Auditions:
   a) Do you think you are aware of the various production houses in Bangalore and their need for actors?if yes, how?
   b) Do you know aout various auditions going on in town currently?If yes, how?
   c) Would you be interested to utilize a service that can get you an update on the auditions going in your town or personalized requests from directors etc.

2) Events:
   2a) Do you like to attend theatre related workshops? 
   2b) If yes, do you think you have enough idea on the  workshops that are happening in town like acting, lighting design etc.? If yes, tell us how are you aware of it ? 
   2c) Do you know what plays are happening in Bangalore currently during the week? Do you browse BookMyShow to identify the plays happening in your town?
   2d) Would you be interested to get information on plays or events happening in your town through emails or from one common place in the web?

3) Feedback:
   3a) Are you interested to give and receive feedbacks on the plays that you perform or you watch?
   3b) If answer to above question is yes, how do you currently seek or provide this feedback? 
   3c) Would you be interested to utilize a service through which you can request feedback from audience or also give feedback to other plays?

For Directors/Producers:
1) Conducting auditions 
   1a) Do you have fixed set of actors who are part of your company or you are interested to explore several other actors by conducting auditions?
   1b) If you conduct auditions, do you get enough responses?
   1c) While conducting an audition, do you post it in Facebook group or through word of mouth?
   1d) How many people on an average turn in your auditions?
   1e) Would you be interested to use a service through which you can connect to actors(amateur to experienced) who are available for theatre events which could also help you in getting a good response for auditions?

2) 
   2a) Are you interested to give and receive feedbacks on the plays that you direct or ones that you watch?
   2b) If answer to above question is yes, how do you currently seek or provide this feedback? 
   2c) Would you be interested to utilize a service through which you can request feedback from audience or also give feedback to other plays?

3) Searching other artists for any performance like musicians, lighting designers or likewise:
   3a) Do you have a fixed set of people who get in touch with everytime you perform plays or you are interested to explore other such artists.
   3b) If you explore artists, how do you go about it? Do you put up in FB the requests or through word of mouth?
   3c) Would you be interested to use a service through which you can connect to several other artists who are having similar area of interests?

4) Promotion of plays:
   4a) Do you promote your plays in FB?
   4b) Do you put up posters and trailers in your FB event page?
   4c) What is that one promotional strategy that has helped you gain more audience?
   4d) Would you be interested to use a common service that helps you promote your plays through sms, emailers, photographs, videography, trailer, a common space where you can put up event details for many to view, posters etc.?

5) Rehearsal space:
   5a) Do you have fixed rehearsal space or you have to search everytime for one such space?
   5b) When searching for rehearsal space do you post it in FB groups or go around searching nearby area?
   5c) Would you be interested to use a service that can connect you to those people who can provide rehearsal spaces(free or rental) at your desired area.

Other artists:

1) Do you think get to know theatre groups who look out for artists like you in their plays? If yes, how?
2) Would you like to utilize a service wherein you can serve requests for theatre groups who seek your performance in their plays? 