
TodoS:

1) refactor to keep stuff at different places
2) ensure no email id is changed in profile update. It cannot be updated. Its currently readable - nothing to be done
3) Update button need to corrected in profile edit. -
4) number of artists in your city
5) pagination - already done by using table
6) Update all roles and actors in several pages. See if you can commonalize it.
7) profile edit doesnt have a footer
8) The main page displays all events but there is a bug wherein if date is older for an event, the slider displays empty space.
9) If there is no event in fb, add another way to add the event. Ask user to submit three details, picture, when and where
10) Globally use the checkbox items from server



GOOD TO HAVE:
1) Add theatre group details also.. - TBD
2) Check header and footer in each file. - Its in a template. Need to use it for all the pages.
3) How to display header conditionally - Done by keeping inside template

DESIGN DISCUSSIONS:
1) Date is stored in DB as Date object, do we have to change to string format or keep it as date.
2) Check header and footer in each file. - Its in a template. Need to use it for all the pages.
3) How to display header conditionally - Done by keeping inside template - DONE
4) Success and failure messages in the page - Please check how to do.
5) How to handle the cases of database migration - read in the internet
6) Use Table.js to manage the ajax query - DONE
7) Separate out post from User database. Use user link and update all the pages that has post.
8) Should we use RedIs sesstion store for storing sessions?

todo for 19th Feb:
1) Use ajax based query for managing the selection of checkbox in table
2) sort by time the events.
4) 

To read:
http://www.webdesignerdepot.com/2014/02/how-to-create-horizontal-scrolling-using-display-table-cell/
http://www.sitepoint.com/use-jquerys-ajax-function/
http://www.hacksparrow.com/mobile-web-development-in-express-js-node-js.html


Bugs:
1) "Your Posts" link does not work from "Post a Request" page


